Su lad today we're going to talk about
how to charge more money and still
assign clients and perhaps even more
clients despite charging more money than
previously so this is for marketing
agencies B2B companies and Freelancers
who want to grow faster my name is
Daniel fio I'm the co-founder of client
sens in aiset you can look us up current
Revenue level is around $500,000 per
month for over 1,000 B2B clients
probably multiple nine figures and
client results all my links are in the
description so in this video we're going
to talk about two problems and the first
is that every time you try to raise your
prices your clients's churn or you can't
sign new ones because the price is too
high and you're hitting a resistance
meeting your Revenue drops second is
most of your deals are onetime yals and
you want to start charging retainers
instead so there's going to be two
sections so section one is how to raise
prices and there are three ways that you
can raise prices three three mechanisms
by which you can achieve this so the
first is through perceived Authority
then transfer of logistical intensity
and then specific function so you do not
need to be an expert to understand what
I'm saying I'm going to put this in
Normal person term so the the simple
explanation is this you need to get
clients to look at you as an authority
figure you need to do more work for the
clients and you need to do the work for
the right kind of client for the right
purpose right so I will now explain
exactly how to do these things so first
is perceived Authority people only feel
safe with somebody they look up to right
so spending a lot of money is a scary
thing nobody likes to do that it's
extremely uncomfortable for everybody in
the planet so everybody you're selling
to is human they all feel human emotions
therefore if you want clients to feel
safe doing a scary thing like spending a
lot of money they have to look up to you
as if you will take care of them they
have to trust you so Authority is
derived from two methods the first is
have you proven to them you know what
you're talking about and the way you
prove to people you know what you're
talking about is content you have online
specifically YouTube LinkedIn and X
Twitter specifically right also were you
recommended by somebody else now the
problem is if you don't have a [__] ton
of clients already nobody's going to
recommend you because there's no clients
to do the recommending in the first
place right so therefore you must lean
on this content having an absolutely
profuse amount of content scattered
throughout the [__] interwebs
everywhere like you need to do this this
is not an option now in this market
you're everyone selling any form of
marketing service or any form of B2B
service this is not an option anymore
you have to do a profound amount of
content online and you must exist on the
internet it is a non-negotiable I'm just
letting you know you have to do that
right so the next is case studies and
testimonials have you helped somebody
like them before how many other people
have you got results for what do people
say about you these are all extremely
important things that people 100% will
be investigating right so perceived
Authority is derived from social proof
what other humans do is the largest
indicator of what is correct to do it is
the safest option therefore to make a
client feel safe you must show them that
other humans rely on you as a figure of
authority an oracle of sorts perhaps a
wizard that's what you need to do right
so next transfer of logistical intensity
so I want to Bull your [__] mind here
real quick you simply do more stuff that
other people don't do so let's imagine
two situations situation one you're
we're just as an example you're a
roofing marketing company but you do not
qualify the leads for your client
now in this situation you are the same
as every other Roofing marketing company
with zero differentiation situation two
you are you are a roofing marketing
company and you do qualify the leads for
your client basically nobody else on the
planet does this you are automatically
differentiated now if I were to make a
video on differentiation I would still
come back to this concept of transfer of
logistical intensity so not only is
transfer of logistical intensity
important for charging more money it's
also important for differentiating if I
were to make a topic on that video so
you need to pay very close attention to
everything I say in this section so why
is this the case right because
qualifying the leads entails getting a
human to call them and confirm whether
they do in fact want somebody to come
out to get a roof quote and if they are
financially qualified to purchase a new
roof or repair in the first place right
so the problem is that doing that takes
manual labor via actually doing it
yourself or by a hiring and paying
somebody else to do it both of which are
a pain in the ass and nobody wants to do
right you don't want to do it the client
doesn't want to do it your competitors
don't want to do it therefore the supply
of doing this thing is low and when the
supply is low you can charge
substantially more money for it that's
how supply and demand works specifically
more money than it costs to execute in
the first place which is the definition
of a profitable business doing something
for more money than it requires to
fulfill that's literally how you profit
in a business right so here's another
example say you're a sales funnel agency
so this is this is agency offer number
one here's what they do funnel build and
design automation setup copywriting of
the whole page right now what's took an
agency owner number two so he does the
funnel build and design automation setup
copyrighting the whole page just like
AGC number one but he does the ad
scripting and the editing the vssl
copywriting and editing the email flows
the med buying and the conversion rate
optimization and weekly split test so
given an option between these two people
who would you pay more for and the
answer is so clearly and obviously
agency owner number two like that it's
just it's just so clear that that is the
case right so so you agency under number
two could charge substantially more
given the fact they simply do so much
more so it works even better due to the
fact that agency owner number two gets
to shine a light on the fact that agency
owner number one doesn't do this and
this and this and this and this and this
and this right so not only does the
agency owner number two put himself up
he also brings the agency owner agency
owner number one your competitor down so
it's a double amplification that's what
you want right so number three is
specific function right imagine that you
are running a Content marketing agency
you typically just do edits and maybe
some scripting so if I were to ask you a
question who do you think will pay more
for scripted and edit videos number one
guy who runs a podcast and wants Clips
to post on social media to get more
views or number two a d Toc e-commerce
brand who wants product ads created so
they can push paid traffic money behind
the
videos clearly it's number two right so
the specific function of what your
service is intended for matters right
the D Toc brand pushing six figures per
month in admen can afford substantially
higher prices than the random dude
running a shitty podcast like this this
is very important to understand like who
you do the thing for for what specific
function is a massive determining factor
into what prices people will pay right
so you need to sell it to the right
person you need to transform your
service or offering into a specific
function for people who actually make
money this is also generally good career
advice because if you're some dude below
the age of 30 watching this video who
you sell your stuff to and the network
you build growing your agency in
business is your career right it makes
very good sense to base this off an
industry where a lot of money is flowing
and to become somebody who is hyper
useful and Hyper good to the thing you
don't you want to become the guy like
that [__] guy that's what you're
trying to do
specifically for people who have a lot
of money all right so section two how to
turn your one-time Services into
recurring Services even if you don't
have this problem right now keep
watching it's important so I I got a
message asking the question I've been
doing websites for my clients but I want
to build a monthly recurring service
around it what should I do and here's
what you do the first thing is to take
note about having a monthly recurring
Services entails that there's monthly
recurring work so something new must be
occurring all of the time specifically a
new project like a new a new an
introduction of a new thing that's how
you charge monthly recurring services so
this is why if you're running a YouTube
editing agency or content marketing
agency and you find that clients are
churning most of the time it's not that
your work isn't good it's that the
person simply stops doing content
marketing because they're too busy or
too lazy there are two ways to
counteract this the first is that you
script the videos for them because that
makes their life easier and transfers
more logistical intensity towards
yourself to increase your value on
prices second is work with higher
quality business owners who make more
money and take their business more
seriously right this is achieved through
increasing your perceived Authority two
things we've already spoken about right
so the web design agency can design an
offer like this so his original offer is
I'll build you a conversion optimized
landing page here's what the new offer
would be I'll build you a conversion
optimized funnel or landing page every
month with the new lead magnet that I
design all funnels we've made will have
split tests running them weekly to
further increase conversion rates I'll
make static ad creatives for you to push
traffic towards those funnels and help
you create the backend email automations
for the leads that come through them
that's a recurring service in fact
that's a very valuable recurring service
with a lot of logistical intensity and
therefore you can charge substantially
more money than you can for the original
offer that's how this works right so so
in order to turn your onetime service
into a recurring service you add more
stuff that you would do for the monthly
so transferring more logistical
intensity work with better clients who
take your business more seriously and
tend to stay in business that's
increasing your perceived authority to
get the opportunity to work with them in
the first place and three is offer them
services that directly contribute to
revenue or profit which is a specific
function that's what you do right so I
massively recommend you watch this video
two times to really understand what I'm
saying it's very important because it
entails in all sorts of different
Avenues in in in in in in arms of your
business very important so here's what
you do from here watch this video on the
simplest path to $100,000 per month in
24 months I'll leave it in the
description and probably like right up
there in the corner and then also if
you're tired of cold emails or content
marketing or ads or referrals not
working for you because everybody online
is teaching you tactics that worked in
2022 and actually don't work today
anymore at all if you're tired of that
and you want something that actually
does work you should join client
Ascension because I will work with you
directly and I going to help you build
out all of the acquisition systems that
we actively run in our business not
something that worked in 2022 that
doesn't work anymore things that work
specifically right now right so this
link is in the description client
ascension. comom and then also that's
there too that's it for me subscribe
leave a comment peace I love you